The start of the infra interface (#14)
protocol/infra-team: README.md

# Infra Team

> Welcome to the Infra Team Interface! Please read through this page to get a better sense of what we do, how we can help you, and how to start working with us! We aim to keep all information on this repo as up to date as possible but in the event of info drift or omissions please feel to contact us at #t-infra, infra@protocol.ai, or create an issue in this repository.

Reviewer: Channel is now just `#infra`.

```suggestion
Welcome to the Infra Team Interface! Please read through this page to get a better sense of what we do, how we can help you, and how to start working with us! We aim to keep all information on this repo as up to date as possible but in the event of info drift or omissions please feel to contact us at [#infra](https://protocollabs.slack.com/messages/C9A8NQQ6S), infra@protocol.ai, or create an issue in this repository.
```

> <!-- Table of Contents

Reviewer: We should consider wiring up `gh-md-toc` to auto-generat/manage the Table of Contents into this document.

https://github.com/ekalinin/github-markdown-toc#auto-insert-and-update-toc

About Us & Contact Information
Infra Team Values
Core Service Areas -->

## About Us & Contact Information

### Get to know us!  👋
The Infra team works across all PL teams and projects in deploying and maintaining the core system infrastructure needed to advance our mission. Teams can rely on us to architect and implement cloud-based server environments for testing and/or protocol development needs. We can design, deploy, configure, test, and monitor services that meet certain baseline requirements. We strive to have all deployed services documented, monitored, and observable in dashboards. We also endeavor to be a resource for current best practice on testing environments, deployments, and monitoring.

We aim to be p2p infrastructure leaders by publicly providing documentation and open source infrastructure code when possible. Additionally, we advocate for ease of adoption by external users and will often ask questions on how to ease deployment and monitorability of our products.

### Our Mission

> Provide secure, open-source, and documented distributed web infrastructure for IPFS, libp2p, and filecoin teams and its communities.

Reviewer: s/its/their/ ?
